Add Editorial Tools guidelines (#4)
guardian/accessibility: editorial-tools-guidelines.md

This is a working document, and one which we expect to change over time.

## Goal 

The goal of these guidelines is to support the development of tools which are usable by a broad range of users with differing needs, and to make it simple for developers to identify what they should do in order to make accessible tool interfaces.

## Top-level guidelines
1. **Start with source components.** Where possible, we should try to use existing Source components, because they have already been designed with accessibility in mind. 
However, a user interface for an Editorial Tool requires different solutions to our core news website - specifically; space is at a premium because we need to fit a lot of functionality into a small area, in the same way that a desktop application would. 
Therefore, we should modify existing components<sup>[1](#appendix-modifying-source-components)</sup> to work in our context (i.e. less padding, smaller more concise interfaces), while meeting our own subset of accessibility guidelines<sup>[2](#our-accessibility-checklist).

> 2. If creating a custom component or modifying a Source component - **it must meet our minimum accessibility requirements** - an abridged checklist of the most relevant Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If creating a custom component or modifying a Source component - **it must meet our minimum accessibility requirements** - an abridged checklist of level AA of the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.1)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref/?currentsidebar=%23col_customize&levels=aaa).
```
